US 01.01.01
As an owner, I want to add an item to my items, with a date of purchase or acquisition, brief description, make, model, serial number (if applicable), estimated value, and comment.
  Q	When adding, which fields are REQUIRED and which are OPTIONAL? Any input constraints (length, type)? Which fields can we input when adding it initially.

US 02.01.01
As an owner, I want to see a list of my items.
  Q Which item fields do we want to see on the list?

US 02.02.01
As an owner, I want to see the total estimated value of the shown items in the list of items.
  Q Should this be a total of all items added? Shown in screen view? selected items? Also, display this total at the top or bottom of screen?

US 02.06.01
As an owner, I want to filter the list of items by description keywords.
  Q Should we be able to search all of the words including for example being able to search by item name or just what is in the description? Is this case sensitive? Should it be one word or can you search using multiple words?

Q Can we filter by more than one filter as well?

US 03.03.01
As an owner, I want to select items from the list of items and apply one or more tags to the selected items.
  Q Could you explain this requirement more elaborately, perhaps with an example?

US 03.04.01
As an owner, I want to sort the list of items by tags.
  Q	Like, alphabetically or doesn’t matter? Are we sorting by tags alphabetically by tg or all items alphabetically?

US 05.01.01
As an owner, I want help to specify the serial number for an item by automatically identifying the number from an image taken by the camera.

US 05.02.01
As an owner, I want help to specify the description for an item by automatically identifying the product barcode from an image taken by the camera and using associated product information.

  Q In terms of identifying the text from the photos, is there a specific barcode pattern or serial number pattern that we can validate data by?
  Q Also, how do we even do these? I hope one of the labs cover this?

US 06.01.01
As a user, I want a profile with a unique username.
  Q	Do we need to accommodate for multiple users or just log in and log out of one specific user?
